Oh
I could get used to a view like this yep
I'm used to it guys I want a castle
[Music]
[Applause]
it is beautiful clapping dancing general
merrymaking not a care in the world at
least for most folks see that handsome
fellow running for his life
that is me they just can't get my nose
right and that tower well in that tower
there lived a girl who was just waiting
for her life to begin we really hit it
off how you doing gentlemen that I am I
decided to help her I'm prepared to
offer you a deal she could not resist me
I didn't want to have to do this but you
leave me no choice here comes the
smolder you come in blondie and before
we knew it we began to uncover some
secrets I have to know what they are I
mean this is serious stuff that just
might turn this kingdom upside down
head up head Arjun arms in knees apart
knees apart knees apart
[Music]
that thing brought you here babes
destiny no horse
boom your finest table please
they don't like me let's just assume for
the moment that everyone in here doesn't
like me
[Music]
this is kind of an off day for me this
doesn't normally happen go live your
tree
I will your dream stinks I was talking
to her
[Music]